Add Oracle scenario guide (#58443)
ansible/ansible: docs/docsite/rst/scenario_guides/guide_oracle.rst

===================================
Oracle Cloud Infrastructure Guide
===================================

************
Introduction
************

Oracle provides a number of Ansible modules to interact with Oracle Cloud Infrastructure (OCI). In this guide, we will explain how you can use these modules to orchestrate, provision and configure your infrastructure on OCI. 

************
Requirements
************

> In order to use the OCI Ansible modules, you must have the following prerequisites on your controller computer, which is the computer from which Ansible playbooks are executed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use the OCI Ansible modules, you must have the following prerequisites on your control node, the computer from which Ansible playbooks are executed.
```

1. `An Oracle Cloud Infrastructure account. <https://cloud.oracle.com/en_US/tryit>`_

2. A user created in that account, in a security group with a policy that grants the necessary permissions for working with resources in those compartments. For guidance, see `How Policies Work <https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Content/Identity/Concepts/policies.htm>`_.

> 3. The necessary credentials and OCID information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

3. The necessary credentials and OCID information.
```

************
Installation
************ 
1. Install the Oracle Cloud Infrastructure Python SDK (more details `here <https://oracle-cloud-infrastructure-python-sdk.readthedocs.io/en/latest/installation.html>`_):

.. code-block:: bash

        pip install oci

> 2.  You can use either of the following two methods to install OCI Ansible Modules:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2.  Install the Ansible OCI Modules in one of two ways:
```

a.	From Galaxy: 

.. code-block:: bash

 ansible-galaxy install oracle.oci_ansible_modules

> b.	From github:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
b.	From GitHub:
```

.. code-block:: bash

     $ git clone https://github.com/oracle/oci-ansible-modules.git

.. code-block:: bash

    $ cd oci-ansible-modules

Run one of the following commands:

> - If Ansible is installed as a user: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If Ansible is installed only for your user: 
```

.. code-block:: bash

    $ ./install.py

- If Ansible is installed as root: 

.. code-block:: bash

    $ sudo ./install.py

*************
Configuration
*************

> When creating and configuring Oracle Cloud Infrastructure resources, Ansible modules use authentication information that is outlined on `this page <https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Content/API/Concepts/sdkconfig.htm>`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When creating and configuring Oracle Cloud Infrastructure resources, Ansible modules use the authentication information outlined `here <https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Content/API/Concepts/sdkconfig.htm>`_.
```

.
 
*******

> Samples

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Examples
```

*******

> Launch a Compute Instance

Reviewer: titles should be Sentence case:
```suggestion
Launch a compute instance
```

=========================
This `sample playbook <https://github.com/oracle/oci-ansible-modules/tree/master/samples/compute/launch_compute_instance>`_

> shows how to launch a public Compute instance and then access the instance from an Ansible module over an SSH connection. The sample illustrates how to do the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
launches a public Compute instance and then accesses the instance from an Ansible module over an SSH connection. The sample illustrates how to:
```

- Generate a temporary, host-specific SSH key pair.
- Specify the public key from the key pair for connecting to the instance, and then launch the instance.
- Connect to the newly launched instance using SSH.

> Create and Manage Autonomous Data Warehouse

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create and manage Autonomous Data Warehouses
```

===========================================
This `playbook <https://github.com/oracle/oci-ansible-modules/tree/master/samples/database/autonomous_data_warehouse>`_

> shows how to create an Autonomous Data Warehouse and manage its lifecycle. The sample shows how to do the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
creates an Autonomous Data Warehouse and manage its lifecycle. The sample shows how to:
```

- Set up an Autonomous Data Warehouse.
- List all of the Autonomous Data Warehouse instances available in a compartment, filtered by the display name.
- Get the "facts" for a specified Autonomous Data Warehouse.
- Stop and start an Autonomous Data Warehouse instance.
- Delete an Autonomous Data Warehouse instance.

> Create and Manage Autonomous Transaction Processing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create and manage Autonomous Transaction Processing
```

===================================================

> This `sample playbook shows <https://github.com/oracle/oci-ansible-modules/tree/master/samples/database/autonomous_database>`_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This `sample playbook <https://github.com/oracle/oci-ansible-modules/tree/master/samples/database/autonomous_database>`_
```

>   how to create an Autonomous Transaction Processing database and manage its lifecycle. The sample shows how to do the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  creates an Autonomous Transaction Processing database and manage its lifecycle. The sample shows how to:
```

===================================
Oracle Cloud Infrastructure Guide
===================================

************
Introduction
************

Oracle provides a number of Ansible modules to interact with Oracle Cloud Infrastructure (OCI). In this guide, we will explain how you can use these modules to orchestrate, provision and configure your infrastructure on OCI. 

************
Requirements
************
To use the OCI Ansible modules, you must have the following prerequisites on your control node, the computer from which Ansible playbooks are executed.

1. `An Oracle Cloud Infrastructure account. <https://cloud.oracle.com/en_US/tryit>`_

2. A user created in that account, in a security group with a policy that grants the necessary permissions for working with resources in those compartments. For guidance, see `How Policies Work <https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Content/Identity/Concepts/policies.htm>`_.

3. The necessary credentials and OCID information.

************
Installation
************ 

> 1. Install the Oracle Cloud Infrastructure Python SDK (more details `here <https://oracle-cloud-infrastructure-python-sdk.readthedocs.io/en/latest/installation.html>`_):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Install the Oracle Cloud Infrastructure Python SDK (`detailed installation instructions <https://oracle-cloud-infrastructure-python-sdk.readthedocs.io/en/latest/installation.html>`_):
```
